game--F1 22--Codemasters--Electronics Arts--59.99--images/F1_22.jpg--Enter the new era of Formula 1® in EA SPORTS™ F1® 22, the official video game of the 2022 FIA Formula One World Championship™. Take your seat for a new season as redesigned cars and overhauled rules redefine race day, test your skills around the new Miami International Autodrome, and get a taste of the glitz and glamour in F1® Life.

Race the stunning, new cars of the Formula 1® 2022 season with the authentic lineup of all 20 drivers and 10 teams, and take control of your race experience with new immersive or broadcast race sequences. Create a team and take them to the front of the grid with new depth in the acclaimed My Team career mode, race head-to-head in split-screen or multiplayer, or change the pace by taking supercars from some of the sport’s biggest names to the track in our all-new Pirelli Hot Laps feature.--2022-07-01--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Dutch,Japanese,Portuguese,Chinese,Polish,Russian--null--Racing,Sports--Windows--F1 22

---

game--Cult of the Lamb--Massive Monster--Devolver Digital--22.99--images/Cult_of_the_Lamb.jpg--Cult of the Lamb casts players in the role of a possessed lamb saved from annihilation by an ominous stranger, and must repay their debt by building a loyal following in his name. Start your own cult in a land of false prophets, venturing out into diverse and mysterious regions to build a loyal community of woodland Followers and spread your Word to become the one true cult.
BUILD YOUR FLOCK
Collect and use resources to build new structures, perform dark rituals to appease the gods, and give sermons to reinforce the faith of your flock.

DESTROY THE NON-BELIEVERS
Explore a sprawling, randomly generated world, fight off hordes of enemies and defeat rival cult leaders in order to absorb their power and assert your cult's dominance.

SPREAD YOUR WORD
Train your flock and embark on a quest to explore and discover the secrets of four mysterious regions. Cleanse the non-believers, spread enlightenment, and perform mystical rituals on the journey to become the mighty lamb god.
--2022-08-11--English,French,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--English,French,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--Action,Adventure,Indie,Strategy--Windows,MacOS--Cult of the Lamb

---

bundle--Cult of the Lamb: Cultist Edition--Massive Monster--Devolver Digital--27.98--images/Cult_of_the_Lamb_Cultist_Edition.jpg--Cult of the Lamb: Cultist Edition bundles the base game with the exclusive Cultist Pack that includes a seven-piece decoration pack for your charming commune, as well as five exclusive Follower forms. You'll be the envy of every cult.--2022-08-11--English,French,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--English,French,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--Action,Adventure,Indie,Strategy--Windows,MacOS--Cult of the Lamb,Cult of the Lamb: Cultist Pack

---

game--Spyro Reignited Trilogy--Toys for Bob--Activision--39.99--images/Spyro_Reignited_Trilogy.jpg--The original roast master is back! Same sick burns, same smoldering attitude, now all scaled up in stunning HD. Spyro is bringing the heat like never before in the Spyro™ Reignited Trilogy game collection. Rekindle the fire with the original three games, Spyro™ the Dragon, Spyro™ 2: Ripto's Rage! and Spyro™: Year of the Dragon. Explore the expansive realms, re-encounter the fiery personalities and relive the adventure in fully remastered glory. Because when there’s a realm that needs saving, there’s only one dragon to call.--2019-09-03--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Danish,Dutch,Finish,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Swedish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Danish,Dutch,Finish,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Swedish--Action,Adventure--Windows--Spyro Reignited Trilogy

---

bundle--Spyro + Crash Remastered Game Bundle--Toys for Bob--Activision--79.98--images/Spyro_+_Crash_Remastered_Game_Bundle--Your favorite Dragon and Bandicoot are back! With the Spyro™ + Crash Remastered Game Bundle, you get two fully remastered trilogies - the Spyro™ Reignited Trilogy and the Crash Bandicoot™ N. Sane Trilogy, for a total of six iconic games.

Includes:

Spyro™ Reignited Trilogy:


Spyro™ the Dragon
Spyro™ 2: Ripto's Rage!
Spyro™: Year of the Dragon

Crash Bandicoot™ N. Sane Trilogy:

Crash Bandicoot™
Crash Bandicoot™ 2: Cortex Strikes Back
Crash Bandicoot™: Warped

Rekindle the fire with the original three Spyro™ games, then spin, jump and wump as you take on the three Crash games that started it all.--2019-09-03--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Danish,Dutch,Finish,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Swedish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Danish,Dutch,Finish,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Swedish--Action,Adventure--Windows--Spyro Reignited Trilogy,Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy

---

game--Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy--Vicarious Visions--Activision--39.99--images/Crash_Bandicoot_N._Sane_Trilogy.jpg--Your favorite marsupial, Crash Bandicoot™, is back! He’s enhanced, entranced and ready-to-dance with the N. Sane Trilogy game collection. Now you can experience Crash Bandicoot like never before. Spin, jump, wump and repeat as you take on the epic challenges and adventures through the three games that started it all, Crash Bandicoot™, Crash Bandicoot™ 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot™ 3: Warped. Relive all your favorite Crash moments in their fully-remastered graphical glory and get ready to put some UMPH in your WUMP!
Crash Bandicoot™ N. Sane Trilogy Stormy Ascent Level
Experience the notorious Stormy Ascent level from the original Crash Bandicoot game. Previously unfinished and unreleased, this level will challenge even the most hardcore of Crash fans! Do you have what it takes to tackle the fast retracting steps, vial throwing lab assistants, flying birds, moving platforms and iron spikes?
Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy Future Tense Level
Play the first-ever NEW level built for the original trilogy’s gameplay in almost 20 years. Drawing inspiration from the cut “Waterfall Level” from the first Crash Bandicoot game, Future Tense features several puzzles from the original level set in the futuristic setting from Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. Discover a whole new level of difficulty for Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy as you dodge rockets, destroy robots and leaps lasers while ascending a massive futuristic skyscraper.--2018-06-29--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese--Action--Windows--Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy

---

game--The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition--Bethesda Game Studios--Bethesda Softworks--39.99--images/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim_Special_Edition--Winner of more than 200 Game of the Year Awards, Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in stunning detail. The Special Edition includes the critically acclaimed game and add-ons with all-new features like remastered art and effects, volumetric god rays, dynamic depth of field, screen-space reflections, and more. Skyrim Special Edition also brings the full power of mods to the PC and consoles. New quests, environments, characters, dialogue, armor, weapons and more – with Mods, there are no limits to what you can experience.--2016-10-28--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Polish,Chinese,Russian,Japanese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Polish,Chinese,Russian,Japanese--RPG--Windows--The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition

---

game--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt--CD PROJEKT RED--CD PROJEKT RED--29.99--images/The_Witcher_3_Wild_Hunt--The Witcher: Wild Hunt is a story-driven open world RPG set in a visually stunning fantasy universe full of meaningful choices and impactful consequences. In The Witcher, you play as professional monster hunter Geralt of Rivia tasked with finding a child of prophecy in a vast open world rich with merchant cities, pirate islands, dangerous mountain passes, and forgotten caverns to explore.
KEY FEATURES
PLAY AS A HIGHLY TRAINED MONSTER SLAYER FOR HIRE
Trained from early childhood and mutated to gain superhuman skills, strength and reflexes, witchers are a counterbalance to the monster-infested world in which they live.

Gruesomely destroy foes as a professional monster hunter armed with a range of upgradeable weapons, mutating potions and combat magic.
Hunt down a wide range of exotic monsters — from savage beasts prowling the mountain passes, to cunning supernatural predators lurking in the shadows of densely populated towns.
Invest your rewards to upgrade your weaponry and buy custom armour, or spend them away in horse races, card games, fist fighting, and other pleasures the night brings.


EXPLORE A MORALLY INDIFFERENT FANTASY OPEN WORLD
Built for endless adventure, the massive open world of The Witcher sets new standards in terms of size, depth and complexity.

Traverse a fantastical open world: explore forgotten ruins, caves and shipwrecks, trade with merchants and dwarven smiths in cities, and hunt across the open plains, mountains and seas.
Deal with treasonous generals, devious witches and corrupt royalty to provide dark and dangerous services.
Make choices that go beyond good & evil, and face their far-reaching consequences.


CHASE DOWN THE CHILD OF PROPHECY
Take on the most important contract to track down the child of prophecy, a key to save or destroy this world.

In times of war, chase down the child of prophecy, a living weapon foretold by ancient elven legends.
Struggle against ferocious rulers, spirits of the wilds and even a threat from beyond the veil – all hell-bent on controlling this world.
Define your destiny in a world that may not be worth saving.


FULLY REALIZED NEXT GENERATION
Built exclusively for next generation hardware, the REDengine 3 renders the world of The Witcher visually nuanced and organic, a real true to life fantasy.
Dynamic weather systems and day/night cycles affect how the citizens of the towns and the monsters of the wilds behave.
Rich with storyline choices in both main and subplots, this grand open world is influenced by the player unlike ever before.--2015-05-18--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--RPG--Windows--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt

---

dlc--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Expansion Pass--CD PROJEKT RED--CD PROJEKT RED--24.99--images/The_Witcher_3_Wild_Hunt_Expansion_Pass.jpg--The Expansion Pass secures your access to two epic adventures set in the vibrant world of monster hunter Geralt of Rivia.

Hearts of Stone will take Geralt on an all-new 10-hour adventure into the wilds of No Man’s Land and the nooks and alleys of Oxenfurt, where he’ll try to complete a contract from the mysterious Man of Glass. Caught in a thick tangle of deceit, Geralt will need all his cunning and strength to solve the mystery and emerge unscathed.

Blood and Wine, a 20-hour tale that will introduce the all-new in-game region of Toussaint, will take Geralt to a land untainted by war, where an atmosphere of carefree indulgence and knightly ritual masks an ancient, bloody secret.

Both expansions offer gamers new content, gear and foes, and feature characters both new and dearly missed — all crafted with maximum attention to detail and quality.--2015-05-19--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--RPG--Windows--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Expansion Pass

---

dlc--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone--CD PROJEKT RED--CD PROJEKT RED--9.99--images/The_Witcher_3_Wild_Hunt _Hearts_of_Stone.jpg--Hearts of Stone is the first official expansion pack for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt — an award-winning role-playing game set in a vast fantasy open world.

Step again into the shoes of Geralt of Rivia, a professional monster slayer, this time hired to defeat a ruthless bandit captain, Olgierd von Everec — a man who possesses the power of immortality. This expansion to “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” packs over 10 hours of new adventures, introducing new characters, powerful monsters, unique romance and a brand new storyline shaped by your choices.

SOME MONSTERS ARE BORN, OTHERS ARE MADE
KEY FEATURES
CONTINUE THE JOURNEY OF A PROFESSIONAL MONSTER SLAYERLevel up Geralt with more witcher work and acquire custom equipment!

Defeat your foes using a variety of new weapons and enchanted artifacts.
Level up even further by fulfilling new monster contracts and battling unique enemies.
Enjoy some leisure time playing with new Gwent cards, or engage in a new romantic relationship.

FACE AN IMMORTAL ENEMY
Hired by the Merchant of Mirrors, Geralt is tasked with overcoming Olgierd von Everec — a ruthless bandit captain enchanted with the power of immortality.

Fulfill a contract for the soul-stealing Merchant of Mirrors, a mysterious traveller who helped you find Yennefer.
Fulfill three impossible tasks to defeat Olgierd, a ruthless bandit captain under an immortality spell.
Choose your own way through an adventure that includes recruiting a crew of break-in artists, spending a night partying with a ghost and outsmarting the most bizarre creatures Geralt has ever faced.--2015-10-13--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--RPG--Windows--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone

---

dlc--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine--CD PROJEKT RED--CD PROJEKT RED--19.99--images/The_Witcher_3_Wild_Hunt _Blood_and_Wine--Blood and Wine is the final expansion for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt — an award-winning role-playing game set in a vast fantasy open world.

Become professional monster slayer Geralt of Rivia and explore Toussaint, a remote land untouched by war, where you will unravel the horrifying secret behind a beast terrorizing the kingdom. With all trails leading to dead ends, only a witcher can solve the mystery and survive the evil lurking in the night. Introducing an entirely new realm to traverse, new characters and monsters, Blood and Wine is a 20+ hour adventure full of dark deeds, unexpected twists, romance and deceit.
KEY FEATURES
Explore an entirely new part of The Witcher’s vast open world — the land of wine, Toussaint
Embark on over 30 hours of new adventures and discover a land unlike anything you’ve seen in Wild Hunt or Hearts of Stone.
Visit new points of interest and set out on new side-quests in a realm rivalling No Man’s Land or Novigrad in size.
Kick back and relax in your very own vineyard, a real home away from home.

Hunt down an elusive beast terrorizing the kingdom

Unravel the mystery of the strange killings — investigate a series of brutal murders and decipher the pattern to predict who’s going to die next.
Discover the dirty secrets of Toussaint’s capital, Beauclair — explore the city by day, ask questions by night.
Use new gear, items, and combine them with your skill to slay monsters never before seen in the series.

Embark on your final quest in a world still brimming with things to do

Visit a world of fairytales gone wrong and battle surreal creatures you know from children’s tales and books.
Dye witcher armors in different colors thanks to an all-new game mechanic.
Take on knights in a grand tourney to show your true fighting skill, or set out to discover the gruesome mystery behind a spoon-collecting creature known as a wight.
Team up with powerful allies to take down the beast terrorizing the kingdom, or turn a blind eye to what’s going on and play Gwent with an all-new Skellige deck.--2016-05-31--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--RPG--Windows--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine

---

bundle--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Game of the Year Edition--CD PROJEKT RED--CD PROJEKT RED--49.99--images/The_Witcher_3_Wild_Hunt_Game_of_the_Year_Edition--Game of the Year EDITION
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt Game of the Year edition brings together the base game and all the additional content released to date.

Includes the Hearts of Stone and Blood & Wine expansions, which offer a massive 50 hours of additional storytelling as well as new features and new areas that expand the explorable world by over a third!
Affords access to all additional content released so far, including weapons, armor, side quests, game modes and new GWENT cards!
Features all technical and visual updates as well as a new user interface completely redesigned on the basis of feedback from members of the Witcher Community.

Become a professional monster slayer and embark on an adventure of epic proportions!
Upon its release, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt became an instant classic, claiming over 250 Game of the Year awards. Now you can enjoy this huge, over 100-hour long, open-world adventure along with both its story-driven expansions worth an extra 50 hours of gameplay. This edition includes all additional content - new weapons, armor, companion outfits, new game mode and side quests.

Play as a Highly Trained Monster Slayer for Hire
Trained from early childhood and mutated to gain superhuman skills, strength and reflexes, witchers are a distrusted counterbalance to the monster-infested world in which they live.
Gruesomely destroy foes as a professional monster hunter armed with a range of upgradeable weapons, mutating potions, and combat magic.
Hunt down a wide variety of exotic monsters, from savage beasts prowling mountain passes to cunning supernatural predators lurking in the shadowy back alleys of densely populated cities.
Invest your rewards to upgrade your weaponry and buy custom armor, or spend them on horse races, card games, fist fighting and other pleasures life brings.

Track Down the Child of Prophecy in a Morally Ambiguous Fantasy Open World
Built for endless adventure, the massive open world of The Witcher sets new standards in terms of size, depth and complexity.
Traverse a fantastical open world: explore forgotten ruins, caves and shipwrecks, trade with merchants and dwarven smiths in cities, and hunt across open plains, amidst mountains and at sea.
In a time of war, track down the child of prophecy, a living weapon of great power whose coming was foretold in ancient elven legends.
Make choices that go beyond good and evil and face their far-reaching consequences.--2016-08-30--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Arabic,Czech,Hungarian,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Turkish--RPG--Windows--The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt,The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine,The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone

---

game--Elden Ring--FromSoftware Inc.--FromSoftware Inc.--59.99--images/Elden_Ring--THE NEW FANTASY ACTION RPG.
Rise, Tarnished, and be guided by grace to brandish the power of the Elden Ring and become an Elden Lord in the Lands Between.
• A Vast World Full of Excitement
A vast world where open fields with a variety of situations and huge dungeons with complex and three-dimensional designs are seamlessly connected. As you explore, the joy of discovering unknown and overwhelming threats await you, leading to a high sense of accomplishment.
• Create your Own Character
In addition to customizing the appearance of your character, you can freely combine the weapons, armor, and magic that you equip. You can develop your character according to your play style, such as increasing your muscle strength to become a strong warrior, or mastering magic.
• An Epic Drama Born from a Myth
A multilayered story told in fragments. An epic drama in which the various thoughts of the characters intersect in the Lands Between.
• Unique Online Play that Loosely Connects You to Others
In addition to multiplayer, where you can directly connect with other players and travel together, the game supports a unique asynchronous online element that allows you to feel the presence of others.--2022-02-25--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Thai--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Thai--Action,RPG--Windows--Elden Ring

---

game--Elden Ring Deluxe Edition--FromSoftware Inc.--FromSoftware Inc.--79.99--images/Elden_Ring_Deluxe_Edition.jpg--THE NEW FANTASY ACTION RPG.
Rise, Tarnished, and be guided by grace to brandish the power of the Elden Ring and become an Elden Lord in the Lands Between.
• A Vast World Full of Excitement
A vast world where open fields with a variety of situations and huge dungeons with complex and three-dimensional designs are seamlessly connected. As you explore, the joy of discovering unknown and overwhelming threats await you, leading to a high sense of accomplishment.
• Create your Own Character
In addition to customizing the appearance of your character, you can freely combine the weapons, armor, and magic that you equip. You can develop your character according to your play style, such as increasing your muscle strength to become a strong warrior, or mastering magic.
• An Epic Drama Born from a Myth
A multilayered story told in fragments. An epic drama in which the various thoughts of the characters intersect in the Lands Between.
• Unique Online Play that Loosely Connects You to Others
In addition to multiplayer, where you can directly connect with other players and travel together, the game supports a unique asynchronous online element that allows you to feel the presence of others.--2022-02-25--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Thai--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Thai--Action,RPG--Windows--Elden Ring,Digital Artbook & Original Soundtrack

---

game--God Of War--Santa Monica Studio--PlayStation PC LLC--49.99--images/God_of_War.jpg--Enter the Norse realm
His vengeance against the Gods of Olympus years behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the realm of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same.

Grasp a second chance
Kratos is a father again. As mentor and protector to Atreus, a son determined to earn his respect, he is forced to deal with and control the rage that has long defined him while out in a very dangerous world with his son.

Journey to a dark, elemental world of fearsome creatures
From the marble and columns of ornate Olympus to the gritty forests, mountains and caves of pre-Viking Norse lore, this is a distinctly new realm with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters and gods.

Engage in visceral, physical combat
With an over the shoulder camera that brings the player closer to the action than ever before, fights in God of War™ mirror the pantheon of Norse creatures Kratos will face: grand, gritty and grueling. A new main weapon and new abilities retain the defining spirit of the God of War series while presenting a vision of conflict that forges new ground in the genre.
PC FEATURES
High Fidelity Graphics
Striking visuals enhanced on PC. Enjoy true 4K resolution, on supported devices, [MU1] with unlocked framerates for peak performance. Dial in your settings via a wide range of graphical presets and options including higher resolution shadows, improved screen space reflections, the addition of GTAO and SSDO, and much more.

NVIDIA® DLSS and Reflex Support
Quality meets performance. Harness the AI power of NVIDIA Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) to boost frame rates and generate beautiful, sharp images on select Nvidia GPUs. Utilize NVIDIA Reflex low latency technology allowing you to react quicker and hit harder combos with the responsive gameplay you crave on GeForce GPUs.

Controls Customization
Play your way. With support for the DUALSHOCK®4 and DUALSENSE® wireless controllers, a wide range of other gamepads, and fully customizable bindings for mouse and keyboard, you have the power to fine-tune every action to match your playstyle.

Ultra-wide Support
Immerse yourself like never before. Journey through the Norse realms taking in breathtaking vistas in panoramic widescreen. With 21:9 ultra-widescreen support, God of War™ presents a cinema quality experience that further expands the original seamless theatrical vision.--2022-01-14--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Dutch,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Czech,Hungarian,Greek--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Dutch,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Czech,Hungarian,Greek--Action,Adventure,RPG--Windows--God Of War

---

game--Days Gone--Bend Studio--PlayStation PC LLC--49.99--images/Days_Gone--Days Gone is an open-world action-adventure game set in a harsh wilderness two years after a devastating global pandemic.

Step into the dirt flecked shoes of former outlaw biker Deacon St. John, a bounty hunter trying to find a reason to live in a land surrounded by death. Scavenge through abandoned settlements for equipment to craft valuable items and weapons, or take your chances with other survivors trying to eke out a living through fair trade… or more violent means.

KEY FEATURES
• A striking setting: From forests and meadows, to snowy plains and desert lava fields, the Pacific Northwest is both beautiful and lethal. Explore a variety of mountains, caves, mines and small rural towns, scarred by millions of years of volcanic activity.
• Brutal encounters: With vicious gangs and hordes of Freakers roaming the land, you’ll need to make full use of a variety of customizable traps, weapons, and upgradable skills to stay alive. Don’t forget your Drifter bike, an invaluable tool in a vast land.
• An ever-changing environment: Jump on the saddle of Deacon’s trusty motorbike and explore a dynamic world dramatically affected by the weather, a dramatic day/night cycle and the evolving Freakers, who adjust to their surroundings – and the people in it.
• A compelling story: Lose yourself in a powerful tale of desperation, betrayal and regret, as Deacon St. John searches for hope after suffering a deep, personal loss. What makes us human when faced with the daily struggle for survival?

INCLUDES
• New Game Plus
• Survival Mode
• Challenge Mode
• Bike Skins

PC features include ultra-wide monitor support, unlocked framerates and improved graphics (increased level of details, field of view, foliage draw distances).--2021-05-18--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Korean,Potuguese,Arabic,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,Greek,Hungarian,Norwegian,Polish,Russian,Swedish,Chinese,Turkish,Japanese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Korean,Potuguese,Arabic,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,Greek,Hungarian,Norwegian,Polish,Russian,Swedish,Chinese,Turkish,Japanese--Action,Adventure--Windows--Days Gone

---

game--Apex Legends--Respawn Entertainment--Electronic Arts--0--images/Apex_Legends.jpg--Conquer with character in Apex Legends, a free-to-play* Hero shooter where legendary characters with powerful abilities team up to battle for fame & fortune on the fringes of the Frontier.

Master an ever-growing roster of diverse Legends, deep-tactical squad play, and bold, new innovations that go beyond the Battle Royale experience — all within a rugged world where anything goes. Welcome to the next evolution of Hero Shooter.

KEY FEATURES

A Roster of Legendary Characters — Master a growing roster of powerful Legends, each with their own unique personality, strengths, and abilities that are easy to pick up but challenging to truly master.

Build Your Crew — Choose your Legend and combine their unique skills together with other players to form the ultimate crew.

Strategic Squad Play — Whether you're battling on a massive, floating city in Battle Royale or dueling in close-quarters Arenas, you'll need to think fast. Master your Legend's unique abilities and coordinate with your teammates to discover new tactics and powerful combinations.

Innovative Combat — Master an expanding assortment of powerful weapons and equipment. You'll need to move fast and learn the rhythms of each weapon to get the most out of your arsenal. Plus, change it up in limited-time modes, and get ready for a boatload of new content each season.

Ever-expanding Universe — Apex Legends takes place in an immersive universe where the story continues to evolve, maps change each season, and new Legends keep joining the fight. Make your mark on the Apex Games with a multitude of distinctive outfits, and join the adventure!

This game includes optional in-game purchases of virtual currency that can be used to acquire virtual in-game items, including a random selection of virtual in-game items.--2020-11-05--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian--null--Action,Adventure,Free to Play--Windows--Apex Legends

---

game--Counter-Strike: Global Offensive--Valve--Valve--0--images/Counter_Strike_Global_Offensive--Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO) expands upon the team-based action gameplay that it pioneered when it was launched 19 years ago.

CS: GO features new maps, characters, weapons, and game modes, and delivers updated versions of the classic CS content (de_dust2, etc.).

"Counter-Strike took the gaming industry by surprise when the unlikely MOD became the most played online PC action game in the world almost immediately after its release in August 1999," said Doug Lombardi at Valve. "For the past 12 years, it has continued to be one of the most-played games in the world, headline competitive gaming tournaments and selling over 25 million units worldwide across the franchise. CS: GO promises to expand on CS' award-winning gameplay and deliver it to gamers on the PC as well as the next gen consoles and the Mac."--2012-08-21--English,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,French,German,Hungarian,Italian,Japanese,Korean,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Romanian,Russian,Chinese,Spanish,Swedish,Thai,Turkish,Bulgarian,Ukrainian,Greek,Vietnamese--null--Action,Free to Play--Windows,MacOS,Linux--Counter-Strike: Global Offensive

---

game--Grand Theft Auto V--Rockstar North--Rockstar Games--19.99--images/GTAV.jpg--When a young street hustler, a retired bank robber and a terrifying psychopath find themselves entangled with some of the most frightening and deranged elements of the criminal underworld, the U.S. government and the entertainment industry, they must pull off a series of dangerous heists to survive in a ruthless city in which they can trust nobody, least of all each other.

Grand Theft Auto V for PC offers players the option to explore the award-winning world of Los Santos and Blaine County in resolutions of up to 4k and beyond, as well as the chance to experience the game running at 60 frames per second.

The game offers players a huge range of PC-specific customization options, including over 25 separate configurable settings for texture quality, shaders, tessellation, anti-aliasing and more, as well as support and extensive customization for mouse and keyboard controls. Additional options include a population density slider to control car and pedestrian traffic, as well as dual and triple monitor support, 3D compatibility, and plug-and-play controller support.

Grand Theft Auto V for PC also includes Grand Theft Auto Online, with support for 30 players and two spectators. Grand Theft Auto Online for PC will include all existing gameplay upgrades and Rockstar-created content released since the launch of Grand Theft Auto Online, including Heists and Adversary modes.

The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online features First Person Mode, giving players the chance to explore the incredibly detailed world of Los Santos and Blaine County in an entirely new way.

Grand Theft Auto V for PC also brings the debut of the Rockstar Editor, a powerful suite of creative tools to quickly and easily capture, edit and share game footage from within Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. The Rockstar Editor’s Director Mode allows players the ability to stage their own scenes using prominent story characters, pedestrians, and even animals to bring their vision to life. Along with advanced camera manipulation and editing effects including fast and slow motion, and an array of camera filters, players can add their own music using songs from GTAV radio stations, or dynamically control the intensity of the game’s score. Completed videos can be uploaded directly from the Rockstar Editor to YouTube and the Rockstar Games Social Club for easy sharing.

Soundtrack artists The Alchemist and Oh No return as hosts of the new radio station, The Lab FM. The station features new and exclusive music from the production duo based on and inspired by the game’s original soundtrack. Collaborating guest artists include Earl Sweatshirt, Freddie Gibbs, Little Dragon, Killer Mike, Sam Herring from Future Islands, and more. Players can also discover Los Santos and Blaine County while enjoying their own music through Self Radio, a new radio station that will host player-created custom soundtracks.

Special access content requires Rockstar Games Social Club account. Visit http://rockstargames.com/v/bonuscontent for details.--2015-04-14--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Japanese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Japanese--Action,Adventure--Windows--Grand Theft Auto V

---

game--Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice - GOTY Edition--FromSoftware--Activision--59.99--images/Sekiro_Shadows_Die_Twice _GOTY_Edition--This Game of the Year Edition now includes bonus content*:

- Reflection and Gauntlet of Strength - new boss challenge modes
- Remnants - leave messages and recordings of your actions that other players can view and rate
- 3 unlockable cosmetic skins

Game of the Year - The Game Awards 2019
Best Action Game of 2019 - IGN
Over 50 awards and nominations

Carve your own clever path to vengeance in the critically acclaimed adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of the Dark Souls series.

In Sekiro™: Shadows Die Twice you are the 'one-armed wolf', a disgraced and disfigured warrior rescued from the brink of death. Bound to protect a young lord who is the descendant of an ancient bloodline, you become the target of many vicious enemies, including the dangerous Ashina clan. When the young lord is captured, nothing will stop you on a perilous quest to regain your honor, not even death itself.

Explore late 1500s Sengoku Japan, a brutal period of constant life and death conflict, as you come face to face with larger than life foes in a dark and twisted world. Unleash an arsenal of deadly prosthetic tools and powerful ninja abilities while you blend stealth, vertical traversal, and visceral head to head combat in a bloody confrontation.

Take Revenge. Restore Your Honor. Kill Ingeniously.--2019-03-21--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,korean,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Thai,Portuguese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,korean,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Thai,Portuguese--Action,Adventure--Windows--Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice,bonus contents

---

game--Call of Duty: Black Ops III--Treyarch--Activision--39.99--images/Black_Ops_3.jpg--Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Edition includes the full base game and the Zombies Chronicles content expansion.

Call of Duty: Black Ops III combines three unique game modes: Campaign, Multiplayer, and Zombies, providing fans with the deepest and most ambitious Call of Duty ever.

The Zombies Chronicles content expansion delivers 8 remastered classic Zombies maps from Call of Duty®: World at War, Call of Duty®: Black Ops and Call of Duty®: Black Ops II. Complete maps from the original saga are fully remastered and HD playable within Call of Duty®: Black Ops III.--2015-11-06--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Chinese,Japanese,Polish,Portuguese--English,Chinese,Japanese,Polish--Action,Adventure--Windows,MacOS--Call of Duty: Black Ops III

---

dlc--Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Zombies Chronicles--Treyarch--Activision--29.99--images/Call_of_Duty_Black_Ops_III_Zombies_Chronicles--Includes 8 remastered classic Zombies maps from Call of Duty®: World at War, Call of Duty®: Black Ops and Call of Duty®: Black Ops II. Complete maps from the original saga in fully remastered HD playable in Call of Duty®: Black Ops III.

Bonus Content: Purchase Zombies Chronicles and get:
• 20 Vials of Liquid Divinium
• 2 All-New Whimsical GobbleGums
• 5 Zombies Pack-A-Punch Weapon Camos

Zombies Chronicles includes:
• 3 Call of Duty®: World at War Maps: Nacht der Untoten, Verruckt, and Shi No Numa
• 4 Call of Duty®: Black Ops Maps: Kino Der Toten, Ascension, Shangri-la, and Moon
• Call of Duty®: Black Ops II Map: Origins--2015-11-06--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Chinese,Japanese,Polish,Portuguese--English,Chinese,Japanese,Polish--Action,Adventure--Windows,MacOS--Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Zombies Chronicles

---

game--Red Dead Redemption 2--Rockstar Games--Rockstar Games--59.99--images/Red_Dead_Redemption_2.jpg--America, 1899.

Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are outlaws on the run. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang must rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal divisions threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang who raised him.

Now featuring additional Story Mode content and a fully-featured Photo Mode, Red Dead Redemption 2 also includes free access to the shared living world of Red Dead Online, where players take on an array of roles to carve their own unique path on the frontier as they track wanted criminals as a Bounty Hunter, create a business as a Trader, unearth exotic treasures as a Collector or run an underground distillery as a Moonshiner and much more.

With all new graphical and technical enhancements for deeper immersion, Red Dead Redemption 2 for PC takes full advantage of the power of the PC to bring every corner of this massive, rich and detailed world to life including increased draw distances; higher quality global illumination and ambient occlusion for improved day and night lighting; improved reflections and deeper, higher resolution shadows at all distances; tessellated tree textures and improved grass and fur textures for added realism in every plant and animal.

Red Dead Redemption 2 for PC also offers HDR support, the ability to run high-end display setups with 4K resolution and beyond, multi-monitor configurations, widescreen configurations, faster frame rates and more.--2019-12-05--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Poolish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Poolish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--Action,Adventure--Windows--Red Dead Redemption 2

---

game--Red Dead Redemption 2 Ultimate Edititon--Rockstar Games--Rockstar Games--89.99--images/Red_Dead_Redemption_2_Ultimate_Edititon.jpg--America, 1899.

Arthur Morgan and the Van der Linde gang are outlaws on the run. With federal agents and the best bounty hunters in the nation massing on their heels, the gang must rob, steal and fight their way across the rugged heartland of America in order to survive. As deepening internal divisions threaten to tear the gang apart, Arthur must make a choice between his own ideals and loyalty to the gang who raised him.

Now featuring additional Story Mode content and a fully-featured Photo Mode, Red Dead Redemption 2 also includes free access to the shared living world of Red Dead Online, where players take on an array of roles to carve their own unique path on the frontier as they track wanted criminals as a Bounty Hunter, create a business as a Trader, unearth exotic treasures as a Collector or run an underground distillery as a Moonshiner and much more.

With all new graphical and technical enhancements for deeper immersion, Red Dead Redemption 2 for PC takes full advantage of the power of the PC to bring every corner of this massive, rich and detailed world to life including increased draw distances; higher quality global illumination and ambient occlusion for improved day and night lighting; improved reflections and deeper, higher resolution shadows at all distances; tessellated tree textures and improved grass and fur textures for added realism in every plant and animal.

Red Dead Redemption 2 for PC also offers HDR support, the ability to run high-end display setups with 4K resolution and beyond, multi-monitor configurations, widescreen configurations, faster frame rates and more.--2019-12-05--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese--Action,Adventure--Windows--Red Dead Redemption 2,bonus content

---

game--Rust--Facepunch Studios--Facepunch Studios--39.99--images/Rust--The only aim in Rust is to survive. Everything wants you to die - the island’s wildlife and other inhabitants, the environment, other survivors. Do whatever it takes to last another night.



Rust is in its 8th year and has now had over 300 content updates, with a guaranteed content patch every month. From regular balance fixes and improvements to AI and graphics updates to adding content like new maps, musical instruments, trains and drones, as well as regular seasons and events, there’s always something interesting or dangerous (or both) happening on the island. Updates to the game include:

Procedurally generated worlds with map editor support
Host your own servers and with server-side modding support
Vehicles: horses, modular cars, hot air balloons, helicopters, trains and more
Complex electrical systems
Farming
New enemies, wildlife and factions
New monuments and areas to explore
Gestures and contact system
Musical instruments
Large train network
Huge recent graphics overhaul
..and more--2018-02-08--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,korean,Russian,Chinese,Ukrainian,Polish,Portuguese,Turkish,Arabic,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,Greek,Norwegian--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,korean,Russian,Chinese,Ukrainian,Polish,Portuguese,Turkish--Action,Adventure,Indie,Multiplayer--Windows,MacOS--Rust

---

game--Stray--BlueTwelve Studio--Annapurna Interactive--26.99--images/Stray--Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten city.

Stray is a third-person cat adventure game set amidst the detailed, neon-lit alleys of a decaying cybercity and the murky environments of its seedy underbelly. Roam surroundings high and low, defend against unforeseen threats and solve the mysteries of this unwelcoming place inhabited by curious droids and dangerous creatures.

See the world through the eyes of a cat and interact with the environment in playful ways. Be stealthy, nimble, silly, and sometimes as annoying as possible with the strange inhabitants of this mysterious world.

Along the way, the cat befriends a small flying drone, known only as B-12. With the help of this newfound companion, the duo must find a way out.

Stray is developed by BlueTwelve Studio, a small team from the south of France mostly made up of cats and a handful of humans.--2022-07-19--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Dutch--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Dutch--Adventure,Indie--Windows--Stray

---

bundle--Stray - Soundtrack Edition--BlueTwelve Studio--Annapurna Interactive--35.98--images/Stray_Soundtrack_Edition.jpg--Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten city.

Stray is a third-person cat adventure game set amidst the detailed, neon-lit alleys of a decaying cybercity and the murky environments of its seedy underbelly. Roam surroundings high and low, defend against unforeseen threats and solve the mysteries of this unwelcoming place inhabited by curious droids and dangerous creatures.

See the world through the eyes of a cat and interact with the environment in playful ways. Be stealthy, nimble, silly, and sometimes as annoying as possible with the strange inhabitants of this mysterious world.

Along the way, the cat befriends a small flying drone, known only as B-12. With the help of this newfound companion, the duo must find a way out.

Stray is developed by BlueTwelve Studio, a small team from the south of France mostly made up of cats and a handful of humans.--2022-07-19--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Dutch--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Dutch--Adventure,Indie--Windows--Stray,Stray - Original Soundtrack

---

game--PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS--KRAFTON, Inc.--KRAFTON, Inc.--0--images/PUBG.jpg--LAND, LOOT, SURVIVE!
Play PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS for free.
Land on strategic locations, loot weapons and supplies, and survive to become the last team standing across various, diverse Battlegrounds.
Squad up and join the Battlegrounds for the original Battle Royale experience that only PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS can offer.

This content download will also provide access to the BATTLEGROUNDS Test Server, which requires a separate download to play. 
Optional in-game purchases available.--2017-12-21--English,Korean,Chinese,French,german,Spanish,Arabic,Japanese,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Turkish,Thai,Italian,Ukrainian--null--Action,Adventure,Free to Play,Multiplayer--Windows--PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS

---

game--Cuphead--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--19.99--images/Cuphead--Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings.

Play as Cuphead or Mugman (in single player or local co-op) as you traverse strange worlds, acquire new weapons, learn powerful super moves, and discover hidden secrets while you try to pay your debt back to the devil!--2017-09-29--English,Italian,German,French,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portoguese,Russian--null--Action,Indie--Windows,MacOS--Cuphead

---

bundle--Cuphead - Game & Soundtrack Bundle--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--29.98--images/Cuphead--Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings.

Play as Cuphead or Mugman (in single player or local co-op) as you traverse strange worlds, acquire new weapons, learn powerful super moves, and discover hidden secrets while you try to pay your debt back to the devil!--2017-09-29--English,Italian,German,French,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portoguese,Russian--null--Action,Indie--Windows,MacOS--Cuphead,Official Soundtrack

--

bundle--Buy Cuphead & The Delicious Last Course--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--Studio MDHR Entertainment Inc.--26.99--images/Cuphead_The_Delicious_Last Course.jpg--Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings.

Play as Cuphead or Mugman (in single player or local co-op) as you traverse strange worlds, acquire new weapons, learn powerful super moves, and discover hidden secrets while you try to pay your debt back to the devil!--2022-06-30--English,Italian,German,French,Spanish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portoguese,Russian--null--Action,Indie--Windows,MacOS--Cuphead,Cuphead - The Delicious Last Course

---

game--Cities: Skylines--Colossal Order Ltd.--Paradox Interactive--27.99--images/Cities_Skylines.jpg--Cities: Skylines is a modern take on the classic city simulation. The game introduces new game play elements to realize the thrill and hardships of creating and maintaining a real city whilst expanding on some well-established tropes of the city building experience. You’re only limited by your imagination, so take control and reach for the sky!



Multi-tiered and challenging simulation
Constructing your city from the ground up is easy to learn, but hard to master. Playing as the mayor of your city you’ll be faced with balancing essential requirements such as education, water electricity, police, fire fighting, healthcare and much more along with your citys real economy system. Citizens within your city react fluidly, with gravitas and with an air of authenticity to a multitude of game play scenarios.


Extensive local traffic simulation
Colossal Order's extensive experience developing the Cities in Motion series is fully utilized in a fully fleshed out and well-crafted local traffic simulation.


Districts and Policies
Be more than just an administrator from city hall. Designating parts of your city as a district results in the application of policies which results in you rising to the status of Mayor for your own city.


Utilize the Day and Night Cycle
The city changes during the hours of the day and affects citizen schedules. Traffic is visibly slower at night and some zoned areas do not work with full efficiency. Cities: Skylines will put you in control of managing the different aspects of the day and night cycles.
Extensive modding support
Build or improve on existing maps and structures. You can then import your creations into the game, share them as well as download the creations of other city builders on the Steam workshop.--2015-03-10--English,French,German,Spanish,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Korean--English,French,German,Spanish,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Korean--Simulation,Strategy--Windows,MacOS,Linux--Cities: Skylines

---

game--Stranded Deep--Beam Team Games--Beam Team Publishing--14.99--images/Stranded_Deep.jpg--TEST YOUR SURVIVAL SKILLS IN THIS OPEN WORLD ADVENTURE
In the aftermath of a mysterious plane crash, you are stranded in the vast expanse of the Pacific Ocean. Alone, without any means to call for help, you must do what you can to survive.

BUILD. CRAFT. SURVIVE. ESCAPE.
Explore underwater and on land as you hunt for supplies to craft the tools, weapons, and shelter you’ll need to stay alive. Stay sharp: hunger, thirst, and exposure conspire against you as you brave treacherous elements and the dangerous creatures of the Pacific.
Live long enough, Stay Alive!



Health, Hunger, Thirst, and sunstroke. Manage and monitor these vitals through an interactive survival watch. Cure poisons, heal broken bones, and bandage bleeding to stay alive.


Spears, Axes, Bows, Spearguns, and so much more can all be crafted through an interactive crafting menu or by the quick-craft selection wheel. Items in your inventory and on the ground around you can all be crafted into something useful.


Harvesting, Craftsmanship, Cooking, Physical, and Hunting can all be levelled up for maximum efficiency or to unlock different crafting combinations.


With dozens of tiers and building pieces to choose from; craft your very own home away from home. From a weak and flimsy palm frond shack to a solid clay brick house.


Customise your own raft with sails, canopies, storage, anchors, boat motors, and more. If sailings not for you - fly in style by constructing a gyrocopter!


Explore the procedurally generated world with no two islands the same. Dive for sunken shipwrecks, abandoned shelters from previous survivors, or search for rare sea creatures like whales.


Build and manage your farm with water management and plant growth cycles.


Hunt, Fish, Trap, and Skin animals for food or kill to insert your dominance over the pacific islands.


If you’re looking for a challenge then take on one of the three bosses to obtain a wall trophy and a very important reward.


Unlock Steam achievements! Compare statistics with your friends from the in-game leaderboards for whose the best survivor.


Play online or split screen co-op modes!
https://store.steampowered.com/remoteplay/


Customise your world through the map island editor. Play as Female or Male. Change your game difficulty. Play split-screen co-op, and so much more!


Create your own custom island and add it to your survival world!
Hand sculpt the terrain and manually place each individual tree, rock, and creature to create the adventure island you want!

You can even share it with your friends!--2022-08-11--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Russian--null--Adventure,Indie,Simulation--Windows,MacOS,Linux--Stranded Deep

---

game--The Forest--Endnight Games Ltd--Endnight Games Ltd--16.79--images/The_Forest--As the lone survivor of a passenger jet crash, you find yourself in a mysterious forest battling to stay alive against a society of cannibalistic mutants.

Build, explore, survive in this terrifying first person survival horror simulator.
Key features
Enter a living, breathing world, where every tree and plant can be chopped down. Below ground explore a vast network of caves and underground lakes.

Chop down trees to build a camp, or start a fire to keep warm. Scavenge food to keep yourself from starving.
Build a small shelter or a large ocean side fortress. Lay traps and defences to keep a safe perimeter.
Explore and build during the day. Defend your base at night. Craft weapons and tools. Bunker down during the evening or bring the fight directly to the enemy.
Defend yourself against a clan of genetic mutant enemies that have beliefs, families, morals and that appear almost human.
Use stealth to evade enemies, or engage them directly with crude weapons built from sticks and stones.--2018-04-30--English,French,German,Czech,Finnish,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Swedish,Turkish,Italian,Spanish--null--Action,Adventure,Indie,Simulation--Windows--The Forest

---

game--Subnautica--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--29.99--images/Subnautica--Subnautica is an underwater adventure game set on an alien ocean planet. A massive, open world full of wonder and peril awaits you!
Dive Into a Vast Underwater World



You have crash-landed on an alien ocean world, and the only way to go is down. Subnautica's oceans range from sun drenched shallow coral reefs to treacherous deep-sea trenches, lava fields, and bio-luminescent underwater rivers. Manage your oxygen supply as you explore kelp forests, plateaus, reefs, and winding cave systems. The water teems with life: Some of it helpful, much of it harmful.
Scavenge, Craft, and Survive



After crash landing in your Life Pod, the clock is ticking to find water, food, and to develop the equipment you need to explore. Collect resources from the ocean around you. Craft diving gear, lights, habitat modules, and submersibles. Venture deeper and further form to find rarer resources, allowing you to craft more advanced items.
Construct Underwater Habitats



Build bases on the sea floor. Choose layouts and components, and manage hull-integrity as depth and pressure increase. Use your base to store resources, park vehicles, and replenish oxygen supplies as you explore the vast ocean.
Unravel the Mystery



What happened to this planet? Signs abound that something is not right. What caused you to crash? What is infecting the sea life? Who built the mysterious structures scattered around the ocean? Can you find a way to make it off the planet alive?
Disrupt the Food Chain



The ocean teems with life: Use the ecosystem to help you. Lure and distract a threatening creature with a fresh fish, or simply swim as fast as you can to avoid gnashing jaws of roaming predators.
Handle the Pressure



Build a Pressure Re-Active Waterproof Nanosuit, or PRAWN Suit, and explore extreme depth and heat. Modify the suit with mining drills, torpedo launchers, propulsion cannons, grappling hooks and more.
Fear the Night



As the sun goes down, the predators come out. The ocean is unforgiving of those caught unprepared in the darkness. Areas that are safe to explore during the day become treacherous at night, but also reveal a beauty that those who hide from the darkness will never see.
Dive Below the Ocean Floor



Cave systems wind below the sea bed, from dark claustrophobic passages to caverns lit by bio-luminescent life and burning-hot lava flows. Explore the world below the ocean floor, but watch your oxygen levels, and take care to avoid the threats lurking in the darkness.
Open Development



Get weekly or daily updates, see what the development team is working on, view real time change logs, and give feedback from inside the game. Subnautica Early Access development is open, and the development team wants to hear from you.
About the Development Team



Subnautica is being created by Unknown Worlds, a small studio founded by Charlie Cleveland and Max McGuire that traces its roots back to the 2003 Half-Life mod Natural Selection. The team is scattered around the globe, from the United States to the United Kingdom, France, the Czech Republic, Russia, Thailand, Australia, and many more places. There is a central office in San Francisco, California that serves as home base for the whole team.



Warning
This game contains flashing lights that may make it unsuitable for people with photosensitive epilepsy or other photosensitive conditions. Player discretion is advised.--2018-01-23--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--Adventure,Indie,Simulation--Windows,MacOS--Subnautica

---

game--Subnautica: Below Zero--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--29.99--images/Subnautica_Below_Zero.jpg--Below Zero is an underwater adventure game set on an alien ocean world. It is a new chapter in the Subnautica universe, and is developed by Unknown Worlds.
Return to planet 4546B
Submerge yourself in an all-new, sub-zero expedition in an arctic region of Planet 4546B. Arriving with little more than your wits and some survival equipment, you set out to investigate what happened to your sister...
Uncover the truth
Alterra left in a hurry after a mysterious incident. Abandoned research stations dot the region. What happened to the scientists who lived and worked here? Logs, items, and databanks scattered among the debris paint a new picture of the incident. With limited resources, you must improvise to survive on your own.
Discover uncharted biomes
Swim beneath the blue-lit, arching expanses of Twisty Bridges. Become mesmerized by the glittering, mammoth crystals of the Crystal Caverns. Clamber up snow covered peaks and venture into the icy caves of Glacial Basin. Maneuver between erupting Thermal Vents to discover ancient alien artifacts. Below Zero presents entirely new environments for you to survive, study, and explore.
Construct habitats and vehicles
Survive the harsh climate by constructing extensive habitats, scavenging for resources, and crafting equipment. Blast across the snowy tundra on a Snowfox hoverbike. Cruise through enchanting and perilous biomes in your modular Seatruck.
Research alien lifeforms
Something undiscovered lurks around every corner. Swim through the giant Titan Holefish, encounter the haunting Shadow Leviathan, and visit the adorable Pengwings. Keep your wits about you. Not all creatures in this strange world are friendly.
Survive the chilly temperatures
Jump in, the water’s warm. The below zero temperatures of this arctic region pose a new threat. New weather conditions blanket above-ground habitats. Craft a toasty cold suit, sip on piping hot coffee, and warm up next to Thermal Lilies to stave off the chill.
An ocean of intrigue
What really happened to your sister? Who were the aliens who came here before? Why were they on this planet? Can we find solace from grief in truth? Below Zero extends the story of the Subnautica universe, diving deep into the mystery introduced in the original game.
About the development team
Below Zero is being created by Unknown Worlds, a small studio that traces its roots back to the 2002 Half-Life mod Natural Selection. It is the same studio that created the original Subnautica. The team is scattered around the globe, from the United States to the United Kingdom, France, Russia, Austria, Australia, Canada, and many more places.
Open development
Subnautica: Below Zero development is open. Get weekly or daily updates, see what the development team is working on, view real time change logs, and give feedback from inside the game. We want to hear your thoughts and invite you to participate in what we are working on.
Warning
This game contains flashing lights that may make it unsuitable for people with photosensitive epilepsy or other photosensitive conditions. Player discretion is advised.--2021-03-14--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--Adventure,Indie,Simulation--Windows,MacOS--Subnautica: Below Zero

---

bundle--Subnautica Deep Ocean Bundle--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--Unknown Worlds Entertainment--59.98--images/Subnautica_Deep_Ocean_Bundle.jpg--Get the complete Subnautica collection! The Deep Ocean bundle features both the original Subnautica, and Subnautica: Below Zero.

Subnautica
Descend into the depths of an alien underwater world filled with wonder and peril. Craft equipment, pilot submarines and out-smart wildlife to explore lush coral reefs, volcanoes, cave systems, and more - all while trying to survive.
Subnautica: Below Zero
Dive into a freezing underwater adventure on an alien planet. Set one year after the original Subnautica, Below Zero challenges you to survive a disaster at an alien research station on Planet 4546B. Craft tools, scavenge for supplies, and unravel the next chapter in the Subnautica story.--2021-03-14--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--English,French,German,Polish,Russian,Chinese,Turkish,Finnish,Italian,Czach,Hungarian,Spanish,Danish--Adventure,Indie,Simulation--Windows,MacOS--Subnautica,Subnautica: Below Zero

---

game--MADiSON--BLOODIOUS GAMES--BLOODIOUS GAMES--34.99--images/MADiSON--MADiSON is a first person psychological horror game, featuring disturbing gameplay and an unsettling and compelling narrative.

STORYLINE
What would you do if you woke up locked in a dark room, with your hands covered in blood? Play as Luca, and endure the brute torture of MADiSON, a demon that has forced him to continue a gory ritual started decades ago, making him commit abominable acts. Will you be able to finish this sinister ceremony?

CHARACTERS
Every character in MADiSON has a disturbing story that blends seamlessly into the main narrative. Watch every step you make and be careful not to attract any unwanted attention. You won’t be alone.

GAMEPLAY
Use the instant camera to survive this torture or dive deeper into it.



Develop the photos you take manually and face the fear of unveiling the truth.



Search everything, pick up elements and interact with them to survive the entities.



Randomly activated events and changing puzzles throughout the game assures a higher level of replayability.



Get lost in this immersive and terrifying experience thanks to high quality visuals and 3D sounds.



Links to all our social media and discord server are available on our website. Feel free to follow us!--2022-07-08--English,French,Italian,German,Chinese,Korean,Spanish,Japanese,Polish,Potuguese,Romanian,Russian,Thai,Turkish,Arabic--English,French,Italian,German,Chinese,Korean,Spanish,Japanese,Polish,Potuguese,Romanian,Russian,Thai,Turkish,Arabic--Action,Adventure,Indie,Simulation,Horror--Windows--MADiSON

---

game--Dead by Daylight--Behaviour Interactive Inc.--Behaviour Interactive Inc--19.99--images/Dead_by_Daylight--Death Is Not an Escape.
Dead by Daylight is a multiplayer (4vs1) horror game where one player takes on the role of the savage Killer, and the other four players play as Survivors, trying to escape the Killer and avoid being caught, tortured and killed.

Survivors play in third-person and have the advantage of better situational awareness. The Killer plays in first-person and is more focused on their prey.

The Survivors' goal in each encounter is to escape the Killing Ground without getting caught by the Killer - something that sounds easier than it is, especially when the environment changes every time you play.

More information about the game is available at http://www.deadbydaylight.com
Key Features
• Survive Together… Or Not - Survivors can either cooperate with the others or be selfish. Your chance of survival will vary depending on whether you work together as a team or if you go at it alone. Will you be able to outwit the Killer and escape their Killing Ground?

• Where Am I? - Each level is procedurally generated, so you’ll never know what to expect. Random spawn points mean you will never feel safe as the world and its danger change every time you play.

• A Feast for Killers - Dead by Daylight draws from all corners of the horror world. As a Killer you can play as anything from a powerful Slasher to terrifying paranormal entities. Familiarize yourself with your Killing Grounds and master each Killer’s unique power to be able to hunt, catch and sacrifice your victims.



• Deeper and Deeper - Each Killer and Survivor has their own deep progression system and plenty of unlockables that can be customized to fit your own personal strategy. Experience, skills and understanding of the environment are key to being able to hunt or outwit the Killer.

• Real People, Real Fear - The procedural levels and real human reactions to pure horror makes each game session an unexpected scenario. You will never be able to tell how it’s going to turn out. Ambience, music, and chilling environments combine into a terrifying experience. With enough time, you might even discover what’s hiding in the fog.--2016-06-14--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Russian,Chinese,Portuguese,Thai,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Russian,Chinese,Portuguese,Thai,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Dutch,Swedish,Turkish--Action,Horror--Windows--Dead by DayLight

---

bundle--Dead by Daylight: Ultimate Edition--Behaviour Interactive Inc.--Behaviour Interactive Inc--79.97--images/Dead_by_Daylight_Ultimate_Edition.jpg--The world’s deadliest game of hide & seek.

Step into the Fog as the hunter or the hunted with a selection of 34 original Killers and Survivors from previously released chapters. Every character in Dead by Daylight comes complete with a compelling backstory tied to a set of powers and perks that guarantee no two look, move, or play alike. Work together to escape, or stalk and sacrifice every Survivor as you discover, explore, and master both sides of this extensive roster.

The Ultimate Edition includes the base game, all maps, and the following Killers and Survivors (previously released in our Chapter add-ons):

• The Hag and Ace Visconti (from “Of Flesh and Mud”)
• The Doctor and Feng Min (from “Spark of Madness”)
• The Clown and Kate Denson (from “Curtain Call”)
• The Spirit and Adam Francis (from “Shattered Bloodlines”)
• The Legion and Jeff Johansen (from “Darkness Among Us”)
• The Plague and Jane Romero (from “Demise of the Faithful”)
• The Oni and Yui Kimura (from “Cursed Legacy”)
• The Deathslinger and Zarina Kassir (from “Chains of Hate”)
• The Blight and Felix Richter (from “Descend Beyond”)
• The Twins and Élodie Rakoto (from “A Binding of Kin”)
• The Trickster and Yun-Jin Lee (from “All-Kill”)--2016-06-14--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Russian,Chinese,Portuguese,Thai,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Turkish--English,French,Italian,German,Spanish,Russian,Chinese,Portuguese,Thai,Japanese,Korean,Polish,Dutch,Swedish,Turkish--Action,Horror--Windows--Dead by DayLight,Dead by DayLight - Killer Expansion Pack,Dead by DayLight - Survivor Expansion

---

game--Resident Evil Village--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--39.99--images/Resident_Evil_Village--Experience survival horror like never before in the eighth major installment in the storied Resident Evil franchise - Resident Evil Village.

Set a few years after the horrifying events in the critically acclaimed Resident Evil 7 biohazard, the all-new storyline begins with Ethan Winters and his wife Mia living peacefully in a new location, free from their past nightmares. Just as they are building their new life together, tragedy befalls them once again.

First-Person Action – Players will assume the role of Ethan Winters and experience every up-close battle and terrifying pursuit through a first-person perspective.
Familiar Faces and New Foes – Chris Redfield has typically been a hero in the Resident Evil series, but his appearance in Resident Evil Village seemingly shrouds him in sinister motives. A host of new adversaries inhabiting the village will relentlessly hunt Ethan and hinder his every move as he attempts to make sense of the new nightmare he finds himself in.--2021-03-07--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--Action,Horror--Windows--Resident Evil Village

---

game--Resident Evil 7 Biohazard--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--19.99--images/Resident_Evil_7_Biohazard.jpg--Resident Evil 7 biohazard is the next major entry in the renowned Resident Evil series and sets a new course for the franchise as it leverages its roots and opens the door to a truly terrifying horror experience. A dramatic new shift for the series to first person view in a photorealistic style powered by Capcom’s new RE Engine, Resident Evil 7 delivers an unprecedented level of immersion that brings the thrilling horror up close and personal.

Set in modern day rural America and taking place after the dramatic events of Resident Evil® 6, players experience the terror directly from the first person perspective. Resident Evil 7 embodies the series’ signature gameplay elements of exploration and tense atmosphere that first coined “survival horror” some twenty years ago; meanwhile, a complete refresh of gameplay systems simultaneously propels the survival horror experience to the next level.--2017-01-24--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--Action,Horror--Windows--Resident Evil 7 Biohazard

---

game--Resident Evil 4--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--19.99--images/Resident_Evil_4.jpg--In resident evil 4, special agent Leon S. Kennedy is sent on a mission to rescue the U.S. President’s daughter who has been kidnapped. Finding his way to a rural village in Europe, he faces new threats that are a departure from the traditional lumbering zombie enemies of the earlier instalments in the series. Leon battles horrific new creatures infested by a new threat called Las Plagas and faces off against an aggressive group of enemies including mind-controlled villagers that are tied to Los Illuminados, the mysterious cult which is behind the abduction.
Key Features
Stunning HD running at a smooth 60 frames per second for the first time.
A complete visual overhaul has been performed to bring this revered title to the highest graphical quality ever.
Fully optimized for the wide screen, texts have been sharpened and textures have been upgraded on characters, backgrounds and in-game objects.
Steam platform support with Steam Achievements, Steam Cloud, Steam Trading Cards, global leaderboards, and full game controller support.
Native keyboard and mouse support with customizable key binding, mouse sensitivity, and mouse acceleration settings.
This new PC version will include everything from the prior iterations including subtitle support in English, French, Italian, German, and Spanish as well as previously released bonus content such as the Separate Ways epilogue.--2014-02-28--English,French,German,Spanish,Italian--English,French,German,Spanish,Italian--Action,Horror--Windows--Resident Evil 4

---

game--Resident Evil 2--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--39.99--images/Resident_Evil_2--The genre-defining masterpiece Resident Evil 2 returns, completely rebuilt from the ground up for a deeper narrative experience. Using Capcom’s proprietary RE Engine, Resident Evil 2 offers a fresh take on the classic survival horror saga with breathtakingly realistic visuals, heart-pounding immersive audio, a new over-the-shoulder camera, and modernized controls on top of gameplay modes from the original game.

In Resident Evil 2, the classic action, tense exploration, and puzzle solving gameplay that defined the Resident Evil series returns. Players join rookie police officer Leon Kennedy and college student Claire Redfield, who are thrust together by a disastrous outbreak in Raccoon City that transformed its population into deadly zombies. Both Leon and Claire have their own separate playable campaigns, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspectives. The fate of these two fan favorite characters is in players hands as they work together to survive and get to the bottom of what is behind the terrifying attack on the city. Will they make it out alive?

A spine-chilling reimagining of a horror classic - Based on the original release in 1998, the new game has been completely rebuilt from the ground up for a deeper narrative experience.
A whole new perspective – New over-the-shoulder camera mode and modernized control scheme creates a more modern take on the survival horror experience and offers players a trip down memory lane with the original gameplay modes from the 1998 release.
Terrifyingly realistic visuals – Built on Capcom’s proprietary RE Engine, Resident Evil 2 delivers breathtakingly photorealistic visuals whilst stunning lighting creates an up-close, intense and atmospheric experience as players roam the corridors of the Raccoon City Police Department (RPD).
Face the grotesque hordes – Zombies are brought to life with a horrifyingly realistic wet gore effect as they react in real time taking instant visible damage, making every bullet count.
Iconic series defining gameplay – Engage in frenzied combat with enemies, explore dark menacing corridors, solve puzzles to access areas and collect and use items discovered around the environment in a terrifying constant fight for survival.
See favorite characters in a whole new light - Join rookie police officer Leon S. Kennedy on his first day in the job and college student Claire Redfield, who is searching for her brother amidst a terrifying zombie epidemic.
Step into the rookie shoes of both heroes - Enjoy separately playable campaigns for both Leon and Claire, allowing players to see the story from both characters’ perspective.--2019-01-25--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--Action,Horror--Windows--Resident Evil 2

---

game--Resident Evil 3--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--CAPCOM Co., Ltd.--39.99--images/Resident_Evil_3--Jill Valentine is one of the last remaining people in Raccoon City to witness the atrocities Umbrella performed. To stop her, Umbrella unleashes their ultimate secret weapon; Nemesis!

Also includes Resident Evil Resistance, a new 1 vs 4 online multiplayer game set in the Resident Evil universe where four survivors face-off against a sinister Mastermind.--2020-03-03--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--English,French,Italian,Spanush,Japanese,korean,Portuguese,Russian,Chinese,Arabic,Thai--Action,Horror--Windows--Resident Evil 3






